The properties and methods that we've added so far to this class are object properties and methods to
use them.
First we need to create our instantiate an object of this class the values of object properties and
the results of carving object methods are specific to a particular object in addition to this.
We can also create static properties and methods a static property our method can be accessed without
first creating an object of the class.
Let's add a county property to a class with a default value of zero to make it static.
We add the static keyword like that.
The ardour of key words before the property doesn't matter to p HP.
You can put public static art static public if you like.
However it's more common to write public static like this.
This is so that all the visibility modifiers like public are private in the whole class are in the same
place which makes the code easier to read than in the constructor.
Let's increment this static property by one like that to refer to a static variable.
Our method we use the static keyword with to Colon's before the property our method.
Adding this line means that every time we create a new object the static counts property will be incremented
by one in the other script.
First let's just print out the value of this property
before we create an object to refer to a static method.
Our property from outside the class we use the class name to Colon's then the property are methot like
this.
When we run this code we get zero.
As this is the initial value of the property.
Let's repeat this line after we've created an object.
Now when we run the code we get the initial value as before.
But then we get one as we incremented it when we created a new object.
Let's create another object and print the value out again.
And we see that the value is incremented by 1.
Every time we create a new object the static property is not tied to a specific object.
Rather to the whole class.
We can also have static methods.
Let's add a new static method that will just print out the value of the static property like that.
Then let's remove these var dumped lines and call the static method instead in the same way with access
to the static property.
The name of the class to Colon's and the static method name.
When we run this code we get to which is the value of the static property.
We'll see more examples of static and none static properties methods throughout the rest of the course.